Update readme and admin guide docs (#138)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-confluence: docs/admin-guide.md

Now, you'll need to configure your Confluence server to communicate with the plugin on the Mattermost Server. The instructions are different for Cloud vs Server/Data Center. 

> #### Set up Confluence Server for server version less than 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set up Confluence Server for server versions less than 9
```

To get started, type in `/confluence install server` in a Mattermost chat window.

> 1. Provide the Confluence base URL in the first step of the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide the Confluence base URL in the first step of the installation.
```

2. Select **No** in the **Confluence server version greater than or equal to 9** question in second step of the flow manager.

> 3. Download the [Mattermost for Confluence OBR file](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-for-confluence/releases) from the "Releases" tab in the Mattermost-Confluence plugin repository. Each release has some JVM files and an .OBR file.  Download it to your local computer. You will upload it to your Confluence server later in this process. 

Reviewer: We have moved the Confluence plugin to the Mattermost org.  I was unaware of this repo linked here.  https://github.com/mattermost-community/mattermost-for-confluence

@fmartingr can we get this one moved as well?

> 3. Download the [Mattermost for Confluence OBR file](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-for-confluence/releases) from the "Releases" tab in the Mattermost-Confluence plugin repository. Each release has some JVM files and an .OBR file.  Download it to your local computer. You will upload it to your Confluence server later in this process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download the [Mattermost for Confluence OBR file](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-for-confluence/releases) from the "Releases" tab in the Mattermost-Confluence plugin repository. Each release has a .JAR and an .OBR file.  Download it to your local computer. You will upload it to your Confluence server later in this process. 
```

13. Choose **Settings** at the bottom of the page, enable development mode, and apply the change. Development mode allows you to install apps from outside of the Atlassian Marketplace.

    ![image](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-confluence/assets/74422101/fa27854e-6305-4164-963f-a5692284bf95)

14. Once installed, you will see the "Installed and ready to go!" message in Confluence.
15. You can now go to Mattermost and type `/confluence subscribe` in the channel you want to get notified by Confluence.

#### Set up Confluence Server for server version greater than or equal to 9

To get started, type in `/confluence install server` in a Mattermost chat window.

1. Provide the Confluence base URL in the first step of the installation
2. Select **No** in the **Confluence server version greater than or equal to 9** question in installation.
3. Log in as an Administrator on Confluence to configure the plugin.
3. Create a new application link in your Confluence server by going to **Settings > Applications > Application Links**

    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90389917/202149868-a3044351-37bc-43c0-9671-aba169706917.png)

> 4. Select **Create link**

Reviewer: Please be consistent with periods on bullet points. I'm 0/5 on whether bullet points get periods, but it must be consistent.

Author: Most of the bullet points in the list are in continuation, so let's remove all the periods

Author: Most of the bullet points in the lists are in continuation so let's remove the periods from all of the bullet points

Reviewer 2: Numbered bullet points should use either a point or a parenthesis: https://github.github.com/gfm/#lists

5. On the **Create Link** screen, select **External Application** and **Incoming** as `Application type` and `Direction` respectively. Select **Continue**

> 6. On the **Link Applications** screen, set the values as given in third step of installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the **Link Applications** screen, set the values as given in third step of the installation.
```

> 7. Provide the ClientID and Client Secret in the modal visible at fourth step of installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Provide the ClientID and Client Secret in the modal visible at fourth step of the installation.
```
